I left my car where it was. Now I'm climbing the hill. At the top, there's an
old man with a rifle. He doesn't hear me until I plop beside him.

- Hey Paapi.
- Heh. I told you not to call me that.
- Yeah.
- I'm not your Paapi.
- ...
- How's John?
- Watching rugby.
- No. Football. He never liked rugby.
- Whatever.

There's two ciccadas in a jar.

- Will they matter?
- Will you?

I open the jar, let them cry in the grass.

- So all these guys fucked you over.
- ...
- And now it's your turn.
- ...
- Why me?
- ...
- That rifle was for me, wasn't it?

The lights change in the villa. John's getting an early night.

- Now look what you've done.
- How many bullets do you have?
- Two.
- One for me, one for him if I fucked up?
- Yeah.
- Well, look on the east corner. Bottom. There's a gas pipe.

I take my own pistol out, check the chamber.

- It's on the wrong side of the house.
- Blow it. Then he comes running.
- And that's my second bullet.

The evening breeze feels cold against my eyes.

- You sure you don't have any family left?
- Took care of that in the last family meeting.
- The one you died. On paper, I mean.
- Yeah. Even my last son came from wherever. He ran away at nineteen. I don't
  even know if he got married.
- What about the kids?
- One. Born under X.
- Not a very proficient family. But it's two.
- Two?
- The last son. He had a kid.
- Boy or girl?
- Girl.
- Ah

There's an explosion below. Saucepans fly up. John is still running when his
brains are sprayed on the concrete.

- So, Paapi. You got your revenge.
- Aye. How many bullets do you have?
- Just the one.

He sighs. *J'suis content d't'avoir connu, ma fille.* 
