---
title: Robert
layout: index
---

Year 2137, 3rd November, Greenland station XVII.  
Dr Robert Charles  
Journal

This is the first message; the old journal is now completely unusable, at least
through the machines I've got here. Maybe someone at the institute can do something
about them. The cause for the failure is unknown but I suspect it has to do with
the gamma burst I recorded a month ago. I described this burst in previous tapes...
I guess I've gotta describe it again, now.

Thirty-five days ago, at 2:06:31 am, my instruments recorded an uncharacteristic
increase in the gamma density in the lower stratosphere. This triggered an alarm
which woke me and I initially thought of hardware malfunction. After hauling out
spare equipment, I confirmed the reading and thus ruled out malfunction. I used
the spare as a second point of measure by transporting it 500 meters away from the
station, in a general North-North-West direction (which I evaluated later on to
347.51 degrees GPS).

The gamma density reached 10 times its normal level just before dawn at 7:01 am
then quickly dropped as the light rose. I left the equipment in place until about
10 am, when I went to bring back the spare. The walk there must have taken me at
most 10 minutes; I was a dozen meters away the station's equipment paged me to
indicate abnormal behaviour, so I decided to use the spare equipment to make the
readings. The gamma levels were 500 times greater than normal, and rising; they
reached 734% when the machine died. I was later able to retrieve an internal
measurement which placed the gamma density at around 10,000%, which confirmed my
suspicions.

The equipment being dead and probably impossible to fix, I left it there and made
my way back to the station. The doors wouldn't open to the remote, so I had to
open them manually. I discovered that all of my equipment within was fried hence
I assessed the situation to be too dangerous to continue my readings and locked
myself inside the Faraday-Johns chamber. The emergency equipment there still
functions, so I assumed the gamma burst had not breached the chamber. I quarantined
myself off from the outside world for approximately 40 hours during which time
I conjectured an explanation for the gamma burst: the only plausible one still
scares me.

A 6th-generation atomic has been triggered.
