---
title: Emily
layout: index
---

It's been a year now that my shrink first asked me to keep a diary. I tried a few times.
It didn't work. I couldn't seem to be able to write to no one, like that, and just put down
my thoughts... she said it was because I lacked confidence, that if I tried I could do
anything. Well, I wish she was right about that.

She's probably dead, now, along with everyone else. I don't even know why I'm writing this.
I think it's because I'm lonely. There's nobody else, there's nothing else, it's me and the
cargo ship. It's quite ridiculous really, we're near Alice Flats, it's supposed to be desert
and sand and rocks for hundreds of Ks, but no. There's me on a cargo ship full of canned food
and we're standing still on vitrified ground. It's horrible. Small consolation: they didn't
use old atomics, so there's no radiation. I'm safe. And alone. And I don't know why we survived.
We? See, I'm already going crazy: I'm talking about the cargo ship and me as we.

I wish I'd have gone out with Eddy last month. That way I might have had a boyfriend and we
might have been three (with the cargo ship), stuck in the middle of nowhere. Or we might have
been vitrified while making out. I can't even decide which would have been better. Dying a
virgin is the worst, they say... fortunately my chances of dying are pretty slim right now.
Suicide is not an option, you understand, don't you? Dammit. Now we're three: the cargo ship,
my diary, and me. So, suicide; there's that little part of me that says it might be better, to
die and not have to worry about things and not have to write that stupid diary. No offence.
But everytime I think that, my gut hurts, my chest aches, and I feel like crying: because I
don't want to die.

I'm Emily, by the way. I'm Emily and I don't want to die.
